---
layout: page
title: "About"
subheadline: ""
teaser: ""
permalink: "/about/"
header: About Us
---
#Our Mission
Data For Democracy brings together an active, passionate community of people using data to drive better decisions and improve the world we live in.

#Our Origin Story
Data For Democracy began as an experiment in December 2017, when people from around the world began to collaborate on data-related problems solely through Slack messages and GitHub commits. With no rules or formal organizational structure, the focus was on getting real and impactful work done with minimal delay.
As of February 2017, the community is still based on [Slack](https://datafordemocracy.slack.com/) and [GitHub](https://github.com/data4democracy). It has increased to over 700 volunteers spanning a wide range of locations and timezones, and it continues to grow every day. These volunteers apply their diverse skills and interests to an equally varied array of projects.
With the expansion of Data For Democracy, we're working to develop a more cohesive structure and set of guidelines to better support volunteers in learning, working, and leading projects. However, we remain committed to our mission of producing data projects that have a positive and tangible impact on the world.

#Our Goals
* To produce objective, rigorous data analysis that keeps people informed and engaged, and supports them in forming their independent opinions.
* To connect with communities and partners that contribute to positive social change, and help equip them with the tools and technology to support the work they are already doing.
* To make data science transparent and accessible to a wider audience, and create opportunities for passionate and socially conscious people to get involved with using data to serve the public good.